so bad it's Tom what went here she
wanted to make a quick video and show
you guys some footage from today and
some pretty crazy went down and I
just wanted to tell you guys the full
story about how it happened really me
and Dale stocky went into leads and to
film some more footage but they said it
which should be coming out this week and
after we got the last trick for that we
went back to welcome skate star and
bumped into chewy so we ended up going
to the playoffs and the skin is three
stair which is just behind it and
originally we were going to film a
tender expiry we started throwing switch
flip down the set so I just filmed a few
clips of apps got pretty scheduled on
that bit clean on this I'm comin through
some really clean ones down there I was
like the sickest one month well anyway
so yeah after he'd burn it down the free
he got the idea and he said they wanted
to try it on the the tenth day of the
plaster so we went down to to the set to
check out and he threw an ollie down it
shut out but he said he was feeling it
so started trying it first few attempts
were like really sketchy money were just
jumping down it and switch got pretty
scary when there we just jump was that
way it won't really get close and then I
think it was that attempt 20 he put chip
in his board so anyways Dale said after
the session the new board if you wanted
so like they encouraged you to try it a
bit harder so he said to daily we're
just going to stick it let's try anyways
he rolls up the satin a whole most
planted it the crazy month rolls up
again nearly plants it again and then
well snap deck on that one didn't quite
go through so anyway we tried to fix his
board up a bit and he had that will must
try and then
yeah put your foot straight for it so
we're really good if you do add a spare
dash car maybe too much lies about
breaking his bar directly the planet
that but anyways unfortunately it
didn't go down hopefully cheery will
come back through it leads soon and
we're going to try and stick it again so
yeah hopefully Switchfoot playoffs for
sure we coming to I'll let you guys know
when it happens if it happens and i'll
be sure to put some footage on some
floors up anyways guys check out welcome
Lee's comm check out let's get parked
car at UK and be sure to subscribe to my
channel and like this video cut you guys
with a piece